# Reflection

In this assignment you've learned very basic HTML and CSS, the content and presentation layers of the web. Take this opportunity to think about how they might relate to your work as a historian. 

## Question 1 (150 words)
#### In Part 2, we explored the use of semantic elements such as `<header>`, `<article>`, and `<section>`. These elements make it easier for machines and non-visual browsers to navigate web pages. Why might this be important? (You might want to Google around a bit before answering!)

Firstly, semantic elements allow us to define certain aspects of the web. Semantic elements have meaning to their tags, and is important because it allows both the browser and developer to understand what a tag is trying to define and what it’s function is. The semantic web allows all communities to be able to access data, including those who have disabilities, which make up a significant fraction of web users, and rely on special software to assist their experience with the web. The 285 million users who are blind or have low vision rely on software like screen readers, which convey information through text-to-speech engines. In the case of machines, semantic elements have allowed computers to maintain data more easily, and even help us differentiate semantic tags that are used for markup, in comparison to tags that are used for layout. Therefore, due to its easy and efficient accessibility towards both developers as well as those with disabilities, semantic elements overall benefit society as a whole.

## Question 2 (150 words)
#### In your CSS work, you learned how to change the presentation of material on the web without changing the content. Using a pen and paper, a drawing program, or (if you're feeling ambitious) real HTML and CSS, mock up 2 very different presentations of the information you displayed in your post. Put images of them on the Internet somewhere (but not in this repository) and link to them here. Write a brief paragraph discussing the effect of the presentaiton layer on the reader.

Presentation one is a layout that allows for increased interaction with the webpage. It consists of a cartoon picture of Wojtek, and the goal of the webpage is to force readers to interact with it by revealing a new piece of information every time their cursor hovers over a different body part of Wojtek. On the contrary, presentation two is one that is more straightforward and direct in the way that it allows readers to choose what they want to know about Wojtek, instead of discovering it for themselves like in presentation one. The first presentation allows readers to be more engaged with the medium of the web, which allows them to be engaged with the information, and makes them want to know more. This style therefore may be better suited towards young children. While the second presentation may not be as visually attractive and therefore less engaging, its effect is that it allows readers to choose what they want to know about Wojtek, and is more suited towards researchers.

Link to presentation one: https://imgur.com/a/awTXyvr
Link to presentaiton two: https://imgur.com/a/soJIBCL